Speaker: Or yes, I think photo voice means photo and voice, I guess. Uh, Sydney, would love to know if that's correct. Uh, participant observations, uh, feedback forms, counseling, FGDs, narrative by film short, um, campaigns. All right. These are some interesting input and I think we're going to cover some part of that through the session. So feedback from various stakeholders. Great. Uh, and we've also divided some of the forms of qualitative data that we have encountered and how we've navigated. Um, so we'll we'll take you through that through the session, but thank you so much for sharing your input. Just one second. Uh, could you also share with all this qualitative data that you, the forms of qualitative data that you shared, what are the challenges dealing with qualitative data? What are some things that you faced organizing? Okay.

All right. Organizing, finding patterns.

Coding, pattern finding, weaving in policy, presenting, analyzing and analysis of bulk data, quantifying it, making common meaning from anecdotal information. That's superb. Um, anything else that we're missing?

Uh, we'd like to see those challenges coming. Just to also share some of the ones which we hear quite a lot in terms of the problems with call data. You don't have enough call data in some cases. You have too much qualitative data. Uh, you don't have the right qualitative data to make sense of it. Uh, or sometimes it's only success stories and there aren't any, um, other factors that are included. Um, nobody wants to read. Funders also need numbers. So these are also some with what you are adding and there's some really interesting points that are coming in which are find values and value in those stories, superb, analyzing the change over time through qualitative feedback. Uh, that's superb. That's an amazing point, Kanika. Thank you. Um, and so just also sharing some of the realities of call data, uh, where we feel, I mean, these are also realities which are not something that are completely solved for, but what are, we're going to consider some of these through the session and talk about it. Uh, few are on the screen, few are something that will get covered. One being the data quality varies in the part where you at the collection stage. There are a lot of languages, especially when you