Speaker 1: in isolation, uh, we'll ground uh some of the principles or techniques that we talk about in an actual case study. So, um, you know, a few weeks ago, we had done a, uh, a webinar on education and so we had a case study uh, of a uh, you know, uh, an NGO that works with state governments to do capacity building with teachers. This time, because our topic is rural livelihood, uh, you know, there are many, many different uh, kinds of programs and non-profits working in this space. Um, uh, there are many different uh, you know, types of rural livelihood programs, uh, and so the uh, you know, example that we are taking is uh, an organization that, this is a fictional example, uh, who is working with small and marginal farmers to improve market access through collective institutions. So, you know, in uh, we know what these are. In India, we talk, call them Farmer Producer Organizations and this uh, you know, non-profit is working across six states, uh, with about three FPOs in each state, right? So they're building up evidence by working with three FPOs. And what they're doing is they're helping farmers sort of come together, uh, sell through the FPO, uh, so that they strengthen their bargaining power, right? So that's the case study that we're looking at. So with that in mind, let's move forward. Um, the idea is that, you know, very often when we think about data, we want you to think uh, in two broad stages, right? One is around how is that data collected and how is that organized, uh, and gotten ready uh, for the next stage, which is around analysis and decision making, right? Of course, uh, these stages are uh, it's slightly artificial to separate them, but it's useful when you're thinking about it in terms of uh, structuring your entire system, right? And uh, while we are talking, we've talked about analysis, I think what we've realized in our experiences is that if you don't uh, set up your collection and organization well, uh, you know, uh, you're not going to be able to do the sort of analysis that you want to. And it's a um, issue and a challenge that we keep seeing. Uh, and just to reiterate some of those challenges that Yashna mentioned, uh, while collecting and organizing, the quality of data varies. Uh, like uh, someone in the chat mentioned that especially in certain uh, domains like rural livelihoods, you have to grapple with the fact that that qualitative data will come in local languages. Uh, very often because it's a multi-stakeholder program, uh, you're using multiple different