Yashna: nobody wants to read. Funders also need numbers. So these are also some with what you are adding and there are some really interesting points that are coming in which are find values and value in those stories. Superb. Analyzing uh analyzing the change over time through qualitative feedback. Uh that's superb. That's an amazing point, Kanika. Thank you. Um, and so just also sharing some of the realities of qualitative data, uh, where we feel, I mean these are also realities which are not something that are completely solved for. Uh, but what are we're going to consider some of these through the session and talk about it. Uh, few are on the screen, few are something that will get covered. One being the data quality varies in the part where you at the collection stage. There are a lot of languages, especially when you work with rural livelihoods. Uh multiple tools have data, multiple ways in which data is saved and that doesn't talk to each other. Um, there are different stakeholders and different voices. Uh, how do we deal with that? And what a lot of you said, how do you make sense of it? So too much nuance, how to make sense of that. Uh, so we're going to cover some of these aspects, translations and local languages as uh Glenna said, we're going to cover a few of these through the session. Also just a um, just a point to make, this is not something anybody has fully figured out, but we are working with different methods to figure it out with organizations. So, um, I will, and we'll take you through this through a case study. I'll share, I'll stop screen share and give this to Akshay to take it forward. Just one second. Yeah.

Akshay: Thanks Yashna. So throughout the hour today, uh, you know, we thought that rather than sharing things sort of in isolation, uh, we'll ground, uh, some of the principles or techniques that we talk about in an actual case study. So, um, you know, a few weeks ago, we had done a, a webinar on education and so we had a case study, uh, of a, uh, you know, an NGO that works with state governments to do capacity building with teachers. This time, because our topic is rural livelihood, uh, you know, there are many, many different, uh, kinds of programs and non-profits working in this space. Um, uh, there are many different, uh, you know, types of rural livelihood programs, uh, and so the, uh, you know, example that we are taking is, uh, an organization that